README for the Reliance Edge Configuration Utility source code project

Project
-------

The Configuration Utility is a Qt project, built in Qt Creator 3 or later, open
source edition.  The compiled executable for Windows may be downloaded from
http://www.datalight.com/reliance-edge.  The Visual C++ 2010 runtime libraries
can be downloaded from Microsoft with the following link.

https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=5555

Building
========

The Configuration Utility is designed for Windows and Linux.  The build
processes described here have been tested on Windows 7 and 10 and on Ubuntu
16.04 LTS.

The most basic thing you will need is a C++ compiler.  On Windows, you can
obtain one by downloading and installing a free version of Visual Studio, such
as Visual Studio Community Edition (see visualstudio.com).  Versions older than
2010 may not be compatible.  On Ubuntu, you can use GCC; however, you will need
to install GCC 4.8 to compile without errors.  This can be done from the
console:

    sudo add-apt-repository ppa:ubuntu-toolchain-r/test
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install gcc-4.8 g++-4.8

You also need to install OpenGL:

    sudo apt-get install mesa-common-dev libglu1-mesa-dev -y

Next, you will need the Qt Creator package.  This can be downloaded from
www.qt.io/download-open-source/.  On Linux, after downloading the installer, you
will need to mark it executable.  When the installer prompts you to create an
account, you can select Skip.  By default, the installer will install Qt Creator
but not Qt itself.  If you do not already have Qt installed, ensure at least one
version of Qt (such as the latest stable version) is selected on the Select
Components page.

Once Qt Creator, Qt, and a C++ compiler are installed, open the file
redconfig.pro in Qt Creator.  You may need to set up the compiler, Qt version,
and build kit before installing.  These can be found in Tools -> Options ->
Build & Run.

The first time redconfig.pro is opened, Qt Creator will prompt you to "Configure
Project".  Once configured, to build the tool, select Build -> Build All, or
just click the green play button in the lower left-hand corner.

Running
=======

The executable generated by the build process relies on dynamic linking to
several libraries in order to run.  On Windows, unless the tool is started from
Qt Creator, the following files must be included in the same folder as the
executable:

    icudt53.dll
    icuin53.dll
    icuuc53.dll
    Qt5Core.dll
    Qt5Gui.dll
    Qt5Widgets.dll
    platforms/qwindows.dll

In a standard Qt installation, these files should be found in Qt's bin
directory, except qwindows.dll, which is found in the plugins directory.  The
ICU DLL files are not needed if Qt was compiled with the option -no-icu.

